Add a modified simplify function for building Hamiltonians (#2103)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* Added a modified version of the `_simplify` function to the `hf` module.
  [(#2103)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2103)

  This functions combines redundant terms in a Hamiltonian and eliminates terms with a zero

>   coefficient. The new function makes construction of molecular Hamiltonians more efficient.

Author: When addition of two terms gives a coefficient of less than `cutoff=1.0e-12`, the terms is just removed from the Hamiltonian. Mentioned the cutoff for clarity.

>   For LiH, as an example, the time to construct the Hamiltonian is reduced from ~200 s to ~10 s.

Reviewer: :heart:

>   For LiH, as an example, the time to construct the Hamiltonian is reduced from ~200 s to ~10 s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For LiH, as an example, the time to construct the Hamiltonian is reduced roughly by a factor of 20.
```
Since runtimes depend on the device running the code

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Added a modified version of the `_simplify` function to the `hf` module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a modified version of the `simplify` function to the `hf` module.
```
